These nine transcripts are taken directly from written testimony.

Clip 1: “Abandoned” is the right word. I feel like I’ve been run over and left by the side of the road. My university has said we may receive course reductions or modified duties, but we must rely on the goodwill of the chair and dean to dispense these accommodations. Obviously junior faculty will fear retribution for asking for or taking any accommodations. 

Clip 2: I was actually laid off as a result of having taken a semester off of adjunct teaching to do research and take care of my children (it was impossible to do all 3). My supervisor promised me some informal work this fall as my department was unable to hire me but it has not materialized.

Clip 3: The failure, at a human level, to even acknowledge the situation of caregivers is devastating. The university can’t solve a national policy failure, but it could at least act like the problem exists, and acknowledge that the implications are career-crushing for many of us. A tenure clock pause does not address the equity issues now or those that will persist for years to come. 

Clip 4: The continuous anxiety around the possibility of getting sick (or bringing it home to immunosuppressed person) and the fear, due to lack of clear boundaries/procedures, around asking for support (distance teaching exclusively, e.g.) made the fall semester almost unbearable. And as an adjunct, much of the conversation about support explicitly did not apply to me—while ALL of the conversations around accountability, student care, etc. did.

Clip 5: If I was depending solely on my institution for support as a caregiver, I would be completely screwed. Apart from a flexible work schedule, they've mostly provided "resources" in the form of pages of links to articles about resilience and self-care and a Care.com benefit...and wow, I feel almost insulted.

Clip 6: I feel somewhat accommodated, but... caring for an ailing and high-covid-risk parent during a pandemic-interrupted PhD program? I feel like I need far more than anything that the concept of ""acommodation"" can provide.

Clip 7: My husband is a front line worker in a hospital who can not be near our elderly parents so I am the caretaker for them including chaperoning to doctor appts, cooking and cleaning. Complicating things I live 2 hours from my parents. My university offers help for those employees with children but does not recognize that the term caretaker also pertains to those with elderly parents.  I am fortunate to have an understanding supervisor but I do not feel comfortable asking for too many favors especially since the university does not offer any support.

Clip 8: I'm currently pregnant and therefore high risk, so I was able to get an office of equity approved accommodation to work from home, which has allowed me to be home with my son. If things remain the way they are after my maternity leave I don't know what I am going to do because I will have 2 kids who need care and while I can do my job from home I don't think I'll be allowed to. I feel totally abandoned by the university and like they will just want me to quit, which I can't afford.

Clip 9: To be clear, I'm not too concerned about my personal situation. My (one) child is mature enough to be mostly self-directed in his remote learning, and could be left home alone if I must go back to campus. I'm also very fortunate to have caring, empathetic people above me in my chain of command. 
I am furious and saddened – to the point where I can frankly think of little else – on behalf of my colleagues: solo caregivers, parents of younger children, and others who will have less flexibility due to their roles and/or their management. And for what? What we're doing is working. What we're doing came at significant cost to the mental health of all concerned. Why are our employers who allegedly value knowledge above all else ignoring science?